Now do the same for Urban Jungle.

Are you able to extract the page numbers from the previously uploaded images to add those details?

Add a detail page for book linked here https://www.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/194021/urban-jungle-anthropomorphic-noir-role-play

With this blurb, and cover art

he early 20th century of the United States was rife with fantastic change: from the rise of industry giants, to the great experiment of Prohibition, to the tragedy of the Great Depression, onto the dawn of the Atomic Age. The sky was tamed, the world was mapped, and the possibilities of science seemed limitless, all blue skies and buttered toast…

… for some folks, anyway.

A complete game in one volume, URBAN JUNGLE makes you a player in an anthropomorphic world of pulp-adventure, hard-boiled crime, and film noir. You’ll tangle with hardened gangsters, with jaded debutantes, with world-wear wary veterans, and with all kinds of shady characters.

Our simple character creation lets you build a character in minutes. With just a few sweeping choices, you'll be playing a hard-boiled wolf detective, a sultry fox femme-fatale, an old anteater drifter with nothing left to lose, a young weasel from the sticks eager to make a name, or any other character you can think of. Our Cardinal game technology gives you everything you need out of the gate, then it's up to you to decide where this track is going to take you.
A goals-and-rewards system has your character learning from their mistakes, profiting from their successes, and growing out of the minor leagues and into the big time. Let your character's personality shine through. Stick to the fundamentals, or branch out into new fields.
Jump into the deep end and get mixed up in a living world, where opinions can matter more than facts. Be careful, because the people you crossed on your way up will be waiting to take you down. Make friends. Influence people. Get what's yours!
Keep your hands clean, or get involved in dirty work. Don't get dizzy as the tables turn, as a friendly conversation might become an unfriendly battle in less time than it took you to read this sentence. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
To get you started, we've included several cities full of mystery, and some adventures so you can see what it's like. When you're ready to tell your own story, we've got your back, with lots of advice and step-by-step examples to make it all easy.
Fully illustrated, by such luminaries as Tracy Butler (Lackadaisy), Maritza Campos (College Roommates From Hell), Rick Griffin (Housepets), Adam Koford (Laugh-Out-Loud Cats), Krazy Krow (Spinnerette), and the proverbial more.
Don’t let the long whiskers and the wagging tails fool you. A smile is just another way of baring teeth.

To play this game, you will need pencil, paper, and polyhedral dice.

This game made possible by the support of the Urban Jungle Crowd-Funding Task Force and our supporters at Kickstarter. We do our part.

Play: URBAN JUNGLE - Anthropomorphic Noir Role-Play Preview

