There are three urban jungle books

Here is a link to the urban jungle cover https://d1vzi28wh99zvq.cloudfront.net/images/793/194021.jpg

Here is the second book blurb and cover link

OCCULT HORROR - Supernatural Options for Urban Jungle https://www.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/236880/occult-horror-supernatural-options-for-urban-jungle

https://d1vzi28wh99zvq.cloudfront.net/images/793/236880.png

The early 20th century of the United States knew no limits for this world... or the next. After conquering the mysteries of electricity, radios, and X-rays, it was only a matter of time before the coming science would push beyond the boundaries of natural law. True, the spiritualism craze was mostly enter­tainment to fill seats, when it wasn’t a con to empty wallets... But what if it wasn’t all smoke and mirrors?
What is really going on?

OCCULT HORROR expands your campaign options with the powers of the supernatural. Channel your vital forces to read minds, to heal bodies, to dominate souls, to reach into the great beyond. Learn what secrets lurk in the dark, but whether you are to destroy it or to command it, is a question only you can answer. Put your very soul at risk to channel the dark arts. Or call out to the illimitable void with your pleas for power and for glory... but know that the darkness has its own wants, and such favors come at a heavy price.  


New character careers, such as Dabbler in the mystic arts, Fortune-Teller to commune with spirits, and Monster-Hunter to remove that which does not belong in this world.
Work the supernatural into your existing game. Or visit the new locations featured here, complete with an introductory adventure.
Supernatural powers of the 20th century! Use fludic magnetism to persuade others! Read minds! Commune with the dead! Live better electrically!
Put your body and soul at risk by calling upon your personal power. Or petition other-worldly entities for supernatural aid ... but be sure to count the cost.
Uncover the secrets deep within forgotten tomes, cthonic vaults, and in remote places. The Silent Ones yearn to make their voices heard.
Come to grips with the monsters still hidden in the dark corners of our world. Some are quiet mysteries best left unearthed. Others are at the beck and call of arcane malefactors. What do they want? What will they do to get it?

The third book

ASTOUNDING SCIENCE - Retro-Futuristic Options for Urban Jungle https://www.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/329886/astounding-science-retro-futuristic-options-for-urban-jungle

https://d1vzi28wh99zvq.cloudfront.net/images/793/329886.png

Welcome to the World of Tomorrow!

TUrban Jungle's ASTOUNDING SCIENCE - An astro-suited corpse floats in the voidhis book will expand your Urban Jungle campaign to the limits of scientific possibility ... and beyond!

Enhance your lifestyle with new and exciting gadgets that you assemble, employ, break, fix, and improve as your necessity requires new inventions. Craft deadly handguns that shoot atomic bombs! Mechanize your baseball bat to a power beyond what mere muscle and bone could do! Design a mechanical automaton! Control your flying car with your 2-way TV remote!
Explore the solar system with its mysterious worlds, dark asteroids, bizarre aliens, and terrible dangers. Uncover the secrets of civilizations both long-dead and merely undiscovered. Perhaps the strange experience will change you irrevoccably. Or maybe you will discover new allies in your quest for justice!
Embark on bold, scientifictional adventure against the threat of the Thermionic Brain and its megalomanical minions from Counter-Earth! Only you and your brave allies stand between them and their conquest of the solar system to bind everyone as slaves to the electronic hive-mind!
Play with new options for characters, such as the humble adventurer caught up in a world they could never imagine... the alien visitor from another planet ... a rocket-jockey taking the battle to the stars ... an anthro-mechnical of gears and wires ... or something even stranger!
Fly interplanetary rocket-ships through the hazards of space or into deadly combat with space pirates, agents provocateur, perhaps even the deadly conquerers from the shadow planets.
Arm yourself with technology of the atomic age, such as death-ray guns, radiogenite bombs, swords of electromagentic energy, and astro-suits!
Combine everything for dangerous and spectacular inventions crafted by your strange and alien hands to fight against the terrors from beyond the moon!  Take your imagination to the stars!
You will need a copy of Urban Jungle to use this book.

